Docs (#451)
ResonantGeoData/RD-WATCH: docs/DevDocs/Architecture.md

For reading from the database Django Models are created but the `managed` property in the `Meta` class is set to False.  This allows for reading from the database using similar django querysets and orm logic while not having django actively manage the system.  This means that when the DB changes the models need to be updated.

The standard `rdwatch/core/views` endpoints for visualizing model-runs, sites, siteobservations are all mirrored in the Scoring application so they can access information directly from the scoring database.

### Tasks

Each app **core** and **scoring** has it's own tasks used in celery.  These are tasks that will download GeoJSON for an entire model run as well as downloading satellite images.  All information regarding satellite images are stored in the core rdwatch database because this project doesn't have access to modify the **scoring** database.

## Stack Links

### Django

A single Django application (`rdwatch`) for the backend. Source code is in the ["rdatch"](https://github.com/ResonantGeoData/RD-WATCH/tree/main/rdwatch) folder.

> - [Django 4](https://docs.djangoproject.com/en/4.1/contents/) with [GeoDjango](https://docs.djangoproject.com/en/4.0/ref/contrib/gis/)
> - [Django REST Framework](https://www.django-rest-framework.org/)
> - [Django Ninja](https://django-ninja.dev/)
> - [Poetry](https://python-poetry.org/docs/) for dependency management

Reviewer: We don't use DRF anymore. Also, I suggest we don't specify the Django version as it has already changed and will likely change again in the future.
```suggestion
- [Django](https://docs.djangoproject.com/) with [GeoDjango](https://docs.djangoproject.com/en/5.0/ref/contrib/gis/)
- [Django Ninja](https://django-ninja.dev/)
- [Poetry](https://python-poetry.org/docs/) for dependency management
```

### Vue

The Vue-based SPA frontend. Source code is in the ["vue"](https://github.com/ResonantGeoData/RD-WATCH/tree/phase-ii/vue) folder.

- [Vue 3](https://vuejs.org/guide/introduction.html)
- [Vuetify](https://vuetifyjs.com/en/)
- [MapLibre GL JS](https://maplibre.org/maplibre-gl-js-docs/api/)
- [npm](https://docs.npmjs.com/) for dependency management

### Services

Services the application requires.

> - [NGINX Unit](https://unit.nginx.org/): serves both the backend and the bundled static assets
> - [PostgreSQL 14](https://www.postgresql.org/docs/14/index.html) and [PostGIS 3.2](http://www.postgis.net/documentation/): data warehouse for the RDWATCH database
> - [Redis 7](https://redis.io/docs/): caching (and maybe in the future as a job queue)
> - [MinIO/S3](https://min.io/): storage for satellite images for faster browsing
> - [Celery](https://min.io/): long running tasks for image chipping, downloading and compressing geoJSONs.

Reviewer: - Suggest not mentioning versions of Postgres/Redis, as they have changed and will need to be constantly updated here. 
- I would suggest removing "data warehouse" as that is a term more used in a business intelligence/analytics-driven DB, not application-driven DB.
- Fixed celery docs link
- Redis is now used as a job queue
```suggestion
- [NGINX Unit](https://unit.nginx.org/): serves both the Django application backend and the bundled static assets from the Vue frontend
- [PostgreSQL](https://www.postgresql.org/docs/) and [PostGIS](http://www.postgis.net/documentation/): the RDWATCH database
- [Redis](https://redis.io/docs/): caching and a job queue for celery
- [MinIO/S3](https://min.io/): storage for satellite images for faster browsing
- [Celery](https://docs.celeryq.dev/en/stable/getting-started/introduction.html): long running tasks for image chipping, downloading and compressing geoJSONs.
```
